The Effective POM can be a very wordy document.
It is actually what our POM is underneath the hood of everything.
It's our complete POM with everything that's inherited from our project POM.
If we're using a parent POM and the default super POM, so it's three,
possibly even four POM files combined into one.
It's more of a debugging tool to see what the POM is doing
and what versions of things we're using.
Not a lot of people spend much time in here,
but it is important to know about because you can find specific
things inside your application in the Effective POM.
We'll show a demo of it,
and I'll scroll through the whole Effective POM, and you'll see
that it's quite wordy and lengthy, but it is important to know
what's going on inside of there,
and that is an available tool to help you troubleshoot things inside of your application.